1. birthday
2. song
3. 58
4. love
5. 55
6. happy birthday song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is
7. sad song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a
8. hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
9. little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a
10. Songs seem to hit a common word that repeats a phrase continuously after. The phrase is "in the world is a little girl"
11. amore mio babbino caro gianni schicchi
12. love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are
13. little girl like you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are
14. While we eliminated the stop words, there are still common word loops that can develop
15. I could not because they all devolved into something, usually "you are", repeated.
16. My fix was whenever I got the next word, I would check it to every other word that had already been used. If the word
has already been used, then the program will terminate. Then you will be unable to have repeated phrases and song titles
should always terminate at some point.
17. montana sacra nova baby i love you are
18. bob marley purt drive me down road blues night long way you are
19. I got the same title every time, but it could be different because if two words have the same number of times being used
after, then the program will choose between them randomly. I assume I did not have this happen because my regex filtered the 
words slightly differently, so I did not have the same titles and therefore the same bigrams.
20. shoot me down road blues night long way you are
21. The regex functionality is very good
22. The prefixes to variable, especially references, can be confusing
23. I did enjoy the lab. The main thing I liked was that is was an actual problem, not completely abstract. The one part I didn't
like was that there are several regex solutions that work that can cause differences in answers between people
24. 4 hours
25. Yes, for text processing work
